The code consists of 2 structs- 
sub_chain_node: this is the struct for the sub chain node of the free list.
main_chain_node: this is the struct for the main chain node of the free list.

Explain of each function-
mems_finish: this function traverses through the free list. use munmap to unallocate the main chain node and sub chain node and the memory allocated for each main chain node.

mems_malloc: this function first checks if no main chain node is created then created a main chain node with size equal to PAGE_SIZE with mmap and allocates memory using mmap with size = upper closest multiple of PAGE_SIZE and creates a process sub chain node in the main node with size equal to PAGE_SIZE with mmap for the size inputted in the function and makes a hole sub chain node with size equal to PAGE_SIZE with mmap for the size left in the main node.
if main chain node exists then if iterates through the free list to check if there is a hole size more than the size inputted, if there is a hole size more than the size inputted then it convertes that hole to process and changes the process size to inputted size and makes a hole of left memory from previous hole.
if there is no hole with size more than the size inputted the function goes to the last main chain node and created a new node like it is created in the first part of the function.

mems_print_stats: this function prints the stats of free list by iterating through it and keeping a track of pages used,space unused and main chain length and prints the information in required format.

mems_get: this fucntion iterates through the free list and find main chain node to which the inputted virtual address belongs to. then it subtracts the starting virtual address of that main chain node from inputted virtual address and adds the physical address to that subtracted value to get the final physical address.

mems_free: this function iterates through the free list to find the sub chain node whose virtual starting address is equal to the inputted value and changes its type from process to hole.
then it iterates through the free list to find adjacent holes in the list and add those holes to get a single big hole.